assigning meaning:-
sunscreen
tan removal creams
black jeans
hopefully sneakers
lipstick, lip balm
2-3 crop tops
2-3 short + long Kurtis
silver and gold watch
Nish hair
an iPhone
night suits
plain hoodie, t shirt
water color book, mini paints and pen brushes.
The book-books. A bunch of them.
a mini dictionary
a bunch of earnings
a pendant and a gold chain 
an air fryer, oven
hair care products.
soya chunks, protein powder etc
jackets, bodycon dresses
makeup products.
a digital diary.


to learn:-
to drive
to buy groceries (at least be aware)
to cook, clean and manage a timed schedule
to cook
to cook to cook until it doesn't feel scary/ draining anymore
makeup, dressing sense, to wear a saree
a bit of social skills
to regulate emotions
to be aware of politics, world news, philosophy, finances
to always have the spark to do it all.
to paint, to bicycle, to walk, to wake up at early mornings.
to be capable of surviving alone. learn it all.
to spread awareness. to make people feel seen and understood, to make them realize their rights.  To understand and to forgive.
to make use of this fragile, wholesome, sensitive, worrisome heart. to make use to think brain which likes to think, to think about the purpose of life, nature, animals, universe, The unknown, the afterlife, human psychology, how this world works. and make use of this somehow. because I know this what that comes naturally to me.  
to earn money doing something I enjoy doing, doing something that I am fine getting tired of. 
to be grateful to have the ability to feel everything so intensely. So damn intensely. both pain and joy. 
to raise kids with traits like me. I know they'll make this world a better place. 
to learn biology, our fascinating body, nature
to learn technology, the humongous ability of humans to create art, life, tech, massive things.
  
paint
write
read
digital paint
cook
sports
dance
hangout
journal
watch movies/shows

to try out things. no matter how un-understandable they are.
people who do it, worked hard for it. they didn't give up.
talent is a learnt skill. Mess around. try it all. this is life.
