A fresh Start 07:50 PM 17/06/26

I'm Soon gonna turn 22. Just yesterday, I thought it's the end of the world because my situation-less-humiliation-ship ended in the worst way possible, from "honey" to "bitch", it did go a long way. (has to be one of the biggest heart-break ever as of now.) I was wondering the value and purpose of my life, worrying about my heath, future, helplessness and contemplating whether Animals have concept of god, was terrified  to see glimpse of ageing on my mother-- all while stressing over today's exam. 
 
it's funny how I can for hours staring into nothingness wondering about life and still have to get up to go take a bath. 
I've got to admit I Was indeed going through quarter life crisis intensely. Guess what made me feel serenity? Sudden break-down and plea for forgiveness. A makeup session and a few moments of admiration gazing at my reflection at the mirror. I'm a bit reckless, I know, I let people walk all over me sometimes, but I know I'm a good person. I know I deserve better. I hope I am forgiven. 

damn, life gets so embarrassing and overwhelming sometimes. It does heal with time, memories do fade with time. Only facts remain. And it's okay. It's absolutely alright. It's absolutely alright. Human's make mistakes, they learn and they grow. I know  need to  try living a lit more.

I know I have to figure out life, I hope I do. 


20/jun/26 01:31 PM 
The lost spark.
I woke in the morning, and suddenly I felt that spark, that zeal to want to do better in life. I thing I've cracked the code.
All these past years, I kept wondering how I lost my spark, how do I get it back. The answer has always been simple. Which is, to show up. Just  show up for yourself. Plan things to do and keep up with your promises. It is as simple as that. I had been failing to show up for myself from quite a while now. 3 years. Ever since I lost faith, lost the so called LOML, lost respect from closed ones, I lost it all. No wonder I was depressed. I don't remember being 19, 20 and 21. It's sad but not the end of the world. I can rise. I can makeup for it Just by showing up.

Another significant learning that is forever gonna stay with me is "It is what it is." Stereotypes exists. Somethings can be forgiven but never forgotten. It is what it is.
That's how world works. Technically, that's the only logical way. I now know why people don't help the poor, why they don't trust strangers,  why they there isn't a day care with only male workers. Why formal rules exists, but corruptions works and is beneficial most of the  times. Why sometimes it's wiser to hide the truth.

And above all, How important it is to know who I truly am. To know my intensions, to repent, to be sincere. No one will understand you like you do. It's necessary to be harder on yourself and eventually repent for forgive. It's extremely important to have such strong moral foundation so that no one ever trembles you down. 
