
world is so cruel. 09:43 AM 14/06/26
I have no one to rush to and complain when this  world gets cruel, no shoulder to cry on, no one to console me. Sometimes I look up at the sky, and Wonder would my pain be meaningful and more bearable if I believed in you. I struggle to forgive myself. I struggle to accept things the way they are. I wish them to be good, to be better. But alas, that's not how this cruel world works. Please PE if you exists, ease my pain, forgive me, make me a better person. 
Please. Listen to me. 

People are mean, they cuss, hurt, and just don't care. Most importantly, they don't forget nor forgive. We have little to no control over people's perception of us. It baffles me.
Today I had to endure cruelest cuss words from a person I admired. It felt like the end of the world, like a nightmare, like it isn't real. It was though. Nothing I say could change his perception of me. There's nothing I could do about it. I have to sit with it. Grieve it. Feel it. Caress my heart to try to bear the pain, hoping this will subside soon.

I am well aware of the fact that fortunately, My life has been pretty comfortable. I am extremely grateful for every blessing. Shelter, Food, Family, Friends and not so traumatic love life.
But I get so emotionally vulnerable when things get hard, How I wish I was mentally strong enough to not let it effect me. Most of the times I wonder, Why isn't awareness enough? 
It never is enough. In  fact, its the opposite. Ignorance is bliss, The state of not knowing, not questioning and following what's already provided blindly is peaceful.

I don't know how I am gonna figure this out, I don't know how to ease this pain. But I know for sure this too shall pass. I Know I'll have to live. I want to. Just like joy, love, affection, grief, pain exists. I can't escape it. I need to learn to make peace with it. 

I need to make peace with the fact that some people will never know, will never forgive, will never understand and that's okay. What matters is that I know, I forgive and I live with peace.
